English Greek Bible Diglot v1.0a

About this repository:

THIS WEB PAGE DOES NOT COME WITH A WARRANTY. THERE MAY EXIST SOME ERRORS IN THE TEXT(Fixes are in progress). THIS IS A BETA 1.0a TRIAL.

I want readers to come to a place that has as much scripture as is needed to study academically and intensely. Which is why there are resources for Greek Interlinear and English bible dictionaries. 

This webpage and ALL of the texts contained within are Public domain and some are open source. Use them as you would use any other public domain work. Information wants to be free. This advantage of openness comes at the cost of texts published after 1930. Including ones that have had major digital work done on them. This includes the Hebrew-Greek Interlinear Septuagint, Greek Bible Dictionaries, and other works. There will be a text file to other non public domain resources provided in the right Introduction frame.


MAIN BASIS TEXTS(derived from NG 1904 Public Domain texts):
Berean Interlinear/Berean Greek - Public Domain as of April 30, 2023           
https://berean.bible/licensing.htm
World English Bible 2020 - Public Domain 
https://ebible.org/engwebp/copyright.htm


TEXTUS RECEPTUS TEXTS:
American Standard Version 1901 - Public Domain
Textus Receptus 1516 Greek New Testament - Public Domain(temp down)
Geneva 1560 - Public Domain
King James Version 1611 - Public Domain


Since I am the main "scribe" of this web page. I reserve the right and or duty to make chapter titling for the texts contained within the "New Unauthorized WEB 2020/2026N." WEB stands for Web English Bible. It is based on the World English Bible but is distinct. I will as time goes on build chapter appendices to provide references or basic notes. This web page will not contain my exegesis, lectures or any of the theological topics I will be writing about in general. 
	
All other texts: ASV 1901, KJV 1611, Geneva 1560, Greek New Testament, Berean interlinear, Latin Vulgate, English Septuagint. I will not modify the body of a chapter, at all. Nor add footer notation. These will be exactly as the originals are.
	
I ask that anyone who uses my "NUWEB 2020/2026N" keep the text exactly as is if they reuse the same exact name. This is to prevent confusion of the editions. An example of a permissible name change would be "[pseudonymn]'s NUASV 1901T & 2026N." So long as the Pseudonymn is not "Aaron Claricus."

IMPORTANT NOTE: Please if you host this repository on your own domain. Rewrite this introduction for your own needs.


This work was inspired by Daniel and John.
	
Daniel, because some early church fathers interpret 12:4 as "going to and fro" through scripture.
This resource should reduce the to and fro. Scripture information will just be "there." And thus "knowledge will increase."
	
John for his simplicity. He tries to communicate everything you need to know. 
	
John also notes that Jesus said he is the "light of the world" and the "Word." This has inspired the dark mode default. The Word is "Light"(white text, technically ultra light gray for vision limitation) and since God the person represents a hidden/unrevealed nature the background color is black. This is also very good for the eyes and those who get headaches from computer screens. 
	
	
How to use:
	
This page is best viewed on a dual monitor setup of at least 24” 1080p or more preferred a 4k UHD monitor that is 27"-50." It will still work on older 1080p monitors and laptops but the experience is lacking in 4 panel mode. Which is why there is a toggle button for 3 and 2 panel modes. As well as a font size control. This should be fine for ordinary users. 
	
To increase font size locate the drop down menu in the top left of the screen "12px." For really small and large fonts use the CTRL and + or - keys on the numberpad.
	
In order to search the text files you are currently on:
	1) click the body of text you are searching
	2) Hold CTRL key on keyboard and press F. CRTL+F
	3) At the bottom of the page a search bar will appear. 
	Just type the word and use the arrows.

The best way to "scroll" down the pages is not the mouse. It's the keyboard. HOME takes you to the beginning of a page, END to the end, PG DOWN and PG UP "scroll" the page fast, the ARROW keys "scroll" the page slowly. The web page remembers your scroll location per each book per each frame per each edition. These are your bookmarks. Enjoy them because it’s hardcoded and may never change.

This webpage also provides one of the best ways to get a clean copy of text for the purpose of formal writing. When you "copy" there is no background markup. Meaning: It does not interfer with the text formatting on your editor of choice such as Word, Blogs, others. 
	
How to find the words that Jesus said without red text markup? Read the text locate the words(or similar): And Jesus Said
	
If you want red highlights or any practical color there is a drop down menu in the top left. Default is green. Inspired by classic computers that only displayed green. To select multiple blocks of texts hold CTRL. The page only supports one color highlight mode. There are no plans to change this. Use your preferred color. 
	
One easy way to cite this web page is with screenshots. The title of each book has been included at the top of the page for ease of use.
